		   ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
		    COMMENTS ON SECTIONS 3.1 AND 3.2

			     William Henney
		   ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━


Table of Contents
─────────────────




• Sec 3.1.2 para 2
  ┌────
  │ Line absorption is not a significant effect for forbidden lines (one
  │ of the characteristics that makes them efficient cooling mechanisms)
  │ because of the low occupancy of the lower state of the transition
  └────

  It is correct that self absorption is not significant for forbidden
  lines but the explanation here is incorrect. It is not due low
  occupancy of the lower state (for 6300 the lower state is the ground
  state). Instead it is due to the low radiative absorption cross
  section (due to the low oscillator strength of the transition).
• Sec 3.1.2 para 2
  ┌────
  │ the dust-to-gas mass ratio in the external photoevaporative wind is
  │ also highly depleted (easily by at around 2 orders of magnitude)
  └────

  If there is so little dust in the photoevaporative wind, then what
  causes the 10 to 20 micron emission from the proplyds?  From section
  2, equation (1) it seems that you *are* including the effect of dust
  opacity in attenuating the incident FUV intensity, so in principal you
  know A_V to each point in your model, right?  But I couldn't find
  anywhere where you say what factor you use to relate A_V to the
  hydrogen column.
• Sec 3.1.2 para 3, around equation (5).  I think it would be better to
  state explicitly that the population is found by assuming an
  equilibrium between dissociation pumping and radiative decay. It seems
  clear from the equation that this is what you have done, but the text
  seems to skirt around the issue.
• Sec 3.1.2 para 4
  ┌────
  │ Additional contributions from the disc itself or outflows/jets are
  │ ignored
  └────

  Do you really mean to say "disc itself" here?  What extra contribution
  from the disc do you think might be missing? It looks to me like your
  models include all the OH-pumped 6300 emission from the surface of the
  disc and the extended evaporation flow. What you are missing is any
  collisionally excited 6300 emission, which might include three
  separate contributions: (1) jets/outflows (as you mention); (2)
  magnetospheric accretion from the inner disc onto the star; (3) the
  ionization front if present. And you can argue that all of these can
  potentially be observationally distinguished, either spatially or in
  velocity, or both.
• Figure 2. I just wanted to say that this figure is great!  I think it
  really helps in understanding how the physical structure of the models
  affects the [O I] emission.
• Sec 3.2 para 3
  ┌────
  │ The key distinction between ....
  └────

  Are there any further qualitative changes in the models as you go
  beyond 1e4 G0? Given that in the proplyds we have up to 1e7
• Figure 3.  In the 5000 G0 case, it appears as though the OH abundance
  and the 6300 emission have their peak values over a large volume of
  the flow.  But is this really true, or is it just an artefact of the
  fact that the color scale gets saturated?
